DOCS-12274 added content for the gateway metrics collection (#407)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/api-gateway-metrics-collection.adoc

= Collecting API Gateway Metrics 
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Your API gateway is enabled (by default) to collect relevant usage data for improving user experience. MuleSoft uses this data to analyze and better understand the API gateway capabilities across the board for all customers. The metrics collected by API gateway includes:

Reviewer: Parentheses are optional; the sentence works fine without them.

Reviewer: Consider rewording "across the board," which is idiomatic and therefore not global English.

Reviewer: metrics...includes > metrics include

Author: Done! Thanks!

* Number and types of applications, APIs, and policies deployed
* API gateway-related configuration parameters
* Statistics about the number of requests processed 

> Note that sensitive information, such as credentials and policy configuration parameters are not collected. This feature is included in the 3.9.5, 4.2.2 and 4.3.0 versions of Mule runtime engine.

Reviewer: Subject-verb agreement: information...is not collected.
```suggestion
Note that sensitive information, such as credentials and policy configuration parameters, is not collected. This feature is included in the 3.9.5, 4.2.2, and 4.3.0 versions of Mule runtime engine.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

== Disable API Gateway Metrics Collection

Even though no sensitive information is collected using this configuration, you might still want to disable it for some reason. To disable the configuration, add the following entry in the `wrapper.conf` file:

`anypoint.platform.metrics_enabled=false`

> == Handling Logs and Troubleshooting

Reviewer: Because there are two steps in this topic, consider giving it an imperative title:
```suggestion
== Manage and Troubleshoot Logs
```
or similar

Author: Done! Thanks!

If an error occurs during the metrics collection process, your Mule application’s ability to complete other tasks is not affected. Additionally, all entries related to the metrics collection is logged as `DEBUG` in the following packages to avoid cluttering the log files:

* In Mule 3 runtimes:
** `com.mulesoft.module.client.metrics`
** `com.mulesoft.module.metrics`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* In Mule 4 runtimes,`com.mulesoft.mule.runtime.gw.metrics`

If you encounter issues with this feature:

> . Contact MuleSoft Support with the logs listed in the previous section.

Reviewer: Be more specific than "logs listed in the previous section":
```suggestion
. Contact MuleSoft Support and supply them with the metrics packages.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . Disable the configuration until Support is able to resolve your issue with a proper solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Disable the configuration until Support is able to resolve your issue.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!
